[RM Ch07] Vulnerabilities: text and requirement added (#2620)
cntt-n/CNTT: doc/ref_model/chapters/chapter07.md

* Ensure that all the platform's components (including hypervisors, VMs, etc.) are kept up to date with the latest patch.
* In order to tightly control access to resources and protect them from malicious access and introspection, Linux Security Modules such as SELinux should be used to enforce access rules.

**Vulnerability Management**

> * Security defect must be reported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Security defects must be reported.
```

Author: @pgoyal01 Thanks, I have added your suggestion into the last commit modifying the whole paragraph. Please review

> * Cadence should aligned with Cloud Infrastructure vendors (OSSA for OpenStack).

Reviewer: Cadence of what?

misising "be" between "should" and "aligned"

> * Components must be analysed: mechanisms to validate components of the platform stack by checking libraries and supporting code against the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) databases, https://cve.mitre.org/, to determine whether the code contains any known vulnerabilities must be embedded into the NFVI architecture itself.  Some of the components required include tools for checking common libraries against CVE databases integrated into the deployment and orchestration pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Components must be analysed: mechanisms, to validate components of the platform stack by checking the code libraries and all other code against the Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVE) [databases](https://cve.mitre.org/) for the presence of any known vulnerabilities, must be embedded into the Cloud Infrastructure.  Some of the required mechanisms include tools for checking common libraries against CVE databases integrated into the deployment and orchestration pipelines.
```

Author: @pgoyal01 Thanks, I have added your suggestion into the last commit modifying the whole paragraph. Please review

> * Security patches must be obtained from an authorised source in order to ensure their integrity.  Patches must be tested and validated into a pre-production environment before being deployed into production.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Security patches must be obtained from an authorised source in order to ensure their integrity.  Patches must be tested and validated in a pre-production environment before being deployed into production.
```

Author: @ildikov Thanks! Suggestion approved

> * According to vulnerabilities severity rating, the vulnerable components (from Operating Systems to virtualisation layer components) must be patched, replaced, or their access must be restricted. Refer to the Common Vulnerability Scoring System (CVSS), https://www.first.org/cvss/, to calculate a vulnerability score.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* According to vulnerabilities severity rating, the vulnerable components (from Operating Systems to virtualisation layer components) must be patched, replaced, or their access must be restricted. Refer to the Common Vulnerability Scoring System ([CVSS] https://www.first.org/cvss/)) to calculate a vulnerability score.
```

Author: @pgoyal01 Thanks, I have added your suggestion into the last commit modifying the whole paragraph. Please review

Vulnerability management must be continuous: from development to runtime, not only on the development process, but during all the life of the application or workload or service. When a public vulnerability on a component is released, the update of the component must be triggered. When an SBOM recording the code composition is provided, the affected components will be easier to identify. It is essential to remediate the affected components as soon as possible, because code transparency can also be exploited by attackers who can take the benefit of vulnerabilities.

> The CVE and the CVSS must be used to identify vulnerabilities and their severity rating. The CVE identifies, defines, and catalogues publicly disclosed cybersecurity vulnerabilities. The CVSS specifies an open framework to calculate vulnerabilities severity rate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CVE and the CVSS must be used to identify vulnerabilities and their severity rating. The CVE identifies, defines, and catalogues publicly disclosed cybersecurity vulnerabilities while the CVSS is an open-source framework to calculate the vulnerabilities' severity rating.
```

Reviewer: For readability, I am suggesting a compound sentence instead of two individual sentences.

Author: @pgoyal01 Thanks, suggestion added

|---|----|----|
| req.sec.oss.001 | Open source code **must** be inspected by tools with various capabilities for static and dynamic code analysis. |  |
| req.sec.oss.002 | The CVE(Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures) **must** be used to identify vulnerabilities and their severity rating for open source code part of Cloud Infrastructure and workloads software.  | https://cve.mitre.org/ |

> | req.sec.oss.003 | High severity rated vulnerabilities must be fixed. Refer to the CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) to know a vulnerability score.  | https://www.first.org/cvss/ |

Reviewer 2: Maybe rather 'find a vulnerability score'?

Author: @ildikov Rather than 'find', I prefer 'evaluate' or 'calculate' as there is a part of the score which is specific to the use of the product (or software) affected by the vulnerability. Does it work for you?

Reviewer 3: @karinesevilla: "| req.sec.oss.003 | High severity rated vulnerabilities must be fixed. Refer to the CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) to know a vulnerability score.  | https://www.first.org/cvss/ |"
is unclear and does not sound good. Are you trying to say that in order to fix vulnerabilities one needs to refer to CVSS?  If yes, then the sentence needs to be more clear.  If not, what are we trying to say in the second sentence?

Reviewer 2: I think the sentence needs to be clarified as Walter indicated in his comment as well. It should be a minor change I believe in terms of someone needs to look at CVSS in order to be able to determine the severity of their vulnerabilities and act accordingly. I'm not deeply familiar with the actual process, so I may not proposed the best word, apologies for that.

Author: @ildikov @walterkozlowski I have added more information about CVE and CVSS in 'Vulnerability Management', especially about CVSS scores and rates. It should clarify how it works and answer your questions. I have also slighlty modified the requirement, but I do not think it is necessary to add more text there.

> | req.sec.oss.003 | Critical and high severity rated vulnerabilities **must** be fixed. Refer to the CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) to know a vulnerability score and its associated rate (low, medium, high, or critical).  | https://www.first.org/cvss/ |

Reviewer 4: We might add something about the fix being done in a timely manner, not wait for the next major release.

```suggestion
| req.sec.oss.003 | Critical and high severity rated vulnerabilities **must** be fixed in a timely manner. Refer to the CVSS (Common Vulnerability Scoring System) to know a vulnerability score and its associated rate (low, medium, high, or critical).  | https://www.first.org/cvss/ |
```
